Get lost, will you?
I'm not giving you that key, no matter what!
And don't think
I'm ever going to show you how to use it!
What's going on?
Are those two fighting, maybe?
What should I do?
It's bad manners to eavesdrop!
But if they're fighting,
I should try to mediate.
Cut it out!
What do you think you're doing?
Take your hands off him!
Your voice is very annoying.
Who are you?
How could you do that to a little kid?
Take your hands—
He's not even budging!
He's got thinner arms than me.
And he's not very big!
You take your hands off me.
You're quite weak.
It's a wonder you got into the Demon Slayer Corps.
Huh?
I'm getting a strange vibe from that box.
A demon's presence, perhaps?
What's inside?
That box there?
Don't you dare touch it!
EPISODE 2:
YORIICHI TYPE ZERO
He took him.
Are you all right?
L-Let go of me!
You must be dizzy. That's dangerous!
Get out of here!
I'm not... I'm not giving that key to anyone!
Not even if you torture me! No way!
One more time, and it's going to break down!
Have you been through torture training?
Even most grown-ups can't take it.
You'd never last.
I can see that you're stupid beyond belief.
So what if it breaks down?
Just make another one.
How many people do you think will perish
while you drone on and on about trivial matters?
That's what it means
to obstruct a Hashira in his duty.
A Hashira's time is worth far more
than time spent by you people.
If you just think a little,
you'll eventually get that, won't you?
Swordsmiths can't fight.
You can't save lives.
Because making weapons
is all you're good for.
Come on.
The key.
Remember your place
whenever you take action.
Since you're not a baby anymore.
What are you doing?
I just...
I don't know why, but...
I can't stand you!
What is it? Tact, maybe?
You have no tact, and you're cruel!
You think this is cruel? You...
You're not wrong!
I admit that what you're saying
is mostly true,
and it's probably not wrong!
But being a swordsmith...
is an important, vital job!
Swordsmiths have amazing skills
that are totally different than ours!
Because the fact is, if we didn't have
them to forge our swords,
we couldn't do anything, could we?
Swordsmen and swordsmiths
need each other!
We're all fighting the same battle!
Day in and day out,
each in our own way, we're fighting—
Sorry...
but I don't have time to stand here
listening to your boring speech.
What should I do?
Can I carry him down by myself?
No. I'll carry him.
As long as he doesn't come to soon.
Huh? His eyelids are twitching!
He's about to wake up!
See you!
Huh? Hey!
Uh... Are you okay?
You shouldn't get up so fast.
Was Mr. Haganezuka here?
- Huh?
- Wasn't he here just now?
No, he wasn't here!
I see. So I was just imagining things.
Where's that Hashira?
I handed over the key, so he took off.
So you handed it over, huh?
I know you didn't seem to have a choice.
Well, since I don't know what's going on,
I shouldn't be making a fuss about it.
Oh no, don't say that!
It made me happy.
I'm a stranger to you,
but you stood up for me.
Thank you very much!
No, I wasn't that much help!
Where's that man or whatever
who was standing here?
That was a Mechanical Doll.
Mechanical Doll?
That guy just took it away with him.
He needed the key to make the doll move.
So it's really important to you.
But what would a Hashira want with it?
That one's special.
That Mechanical Doll can overpower a human,
and it's capable of 108 moves.
It can be used to train for combat.
So that's why...
But...
now it's...
What was that?
That guy must've already...
This way!
Against a Hashira...
Wow!
That's the Mechanical Doll
built by my ancestors.
Yoriichi Type Zero.
But...
why does he have six arms?
His arms?
According to my father, that doll
was modeled on an actual swordsman,
but his moves couldn't be replicated
unless they gave it six arms.
That face...
It somehow seems familiar,
but I'm not sure.
That swordsman... Who was he?
What did he do and where?
Uh, sorry, but I don't know
too much about him, either.
Since he was from the Sengoku Period.
S-Sengoku? You mean he lived
more than 300 years ago?
That's what I was told.
It's never broken down
in all that time? That doll?
The technology's so mind-blowing,
we can't catch up to it today.
If it were to break down,
there'd be no fixing it.
My father passed away suddenly,
and I have no brothers or sisters.
I'm the one who's supposed to step up now,
but since I'm no good with swords
or Mechanical Dolls...
So, that's why you were so...
Right, I get it.
That guy's incredible.
He's only around my age...
but he's a Hashira, and he's so talented.
Well, what did you expect?
After all, he's a descendant
of the wielder of the Sun Breathing technique!
That boy is a prodigy!
He's in a different league
than the likes of you!
Are you Tokito's crow?
The First Breathing Style, Sun Breathing?
So he's really that amazing.
But that's not Sun Breathing
that he's using now, is it?
Huh?
You shut your mouth,
or I'll gouge out your eyes!
Hey, I remember now!
That dream!
I saw that man in a dream!
Huh? Are you an idiot or what?
Have you been to this village before?
That's so preposterous, you make me laugh!
You mean you've met
a warrior from the Sengoku Period?
How old are you, exactly? Huh!
Listen, I'm sorry.
There's something wrong with me, right?
No, no!
Maybe it's an inherited memory?
People talk about it
all the time in our village.
It isn't just your physical form
that gets passed on.
Living creatures pass on their memories, too.
What you saw in your dream
must've been your ancestor's memory!
Preposterous! Preposterous!
That's so kind of you! Thanks!
Huh!
I'm Tanjiro.
What's your name?
I'm Kotetsu.
Don't pay any attention
to that mean female crow.
Huh?
Hey! His armor!
Kotetsu!
DEMON SLAYER: KIMETSU NO YAIBA
SWORDSMITH VILLAGE ARC
Kotetsu!
I'm going to find you!
I've got a great sense of smell!
Even if it's not in good shape right now.
I think he went this way.
Kotetsu!
Could you have climbed any higher, Kotetsu?
If there's anything I can do,
I'll help you out.
You can't give up on your doll!
You have a future ahead of you!
Huh?
You have to try hard now
for your future self...
ten, twenty years from now!
Someday, you'll be able to do
what you can't do now!
No, I won't!
I don't need anyone
to tell me that I'm a loser!
It's all going to end with my generation!
All because of me!
Huh?
Ouch!
You can't give up and stop caring.
I wish you wouldn't talk
about yourself that way.
He came without making a sound.
That's what a swordsman can do.
Even if you can't do it yourself,
there's always someone
who will carry on for you.
You have to do what you can
so that it gets passed on.
Even if it's beyond you, maybe your kids
or grandkids might find a way, right?
I want to defeat Muzan Kibutsuji.
I want to save my sister,
who's been turned into a demon.
But I might die
before I can fulfill my goals.
But I have faith that someone
will surely finish the job for me.
Just like we were able to beat an Upper Rank
demon with the lives that were connected for us,
someday, for sure,
the lives we've connected
will bring down Kibutsuji!
Let's do our best together!
Okay.
I didn't want to see the doll break down,
but my mind is made up now.
The combat training
should last until nightfall,
so I'm going to brace myself
and see it through.
To the end.
Really?
So you're ten, Kotetsu?
Yeah.
My little brother is—
- Huh?
What? You're done?
I'm done.
That was a good training session.
Who are you again?
Oh, right.
My sword snapped, so...
- Huh?
I'll be taking this one with me.
Kotetsu—
Ow!
Dispose of that one for me.
Not a whiff of malice.
He must not be doing that on purpose.
But the thing is...
Humph!
That crow is just oozing spite.
She's so condescending... toward me.
Kotetsu!
Kotetsu...
Let's make sure.
See if it still works or not.
Nothing.
So it must be...
All right! It's working, Kotetsu!
That's great—
Yes, it is, Tanjiro.
I want you to train with this doll
and become stronger than that
indifferent little jerk, no matter what!
And you will have my full support!
Huh?
Does he mean right now?
I'm gonna die! Six arms is too much!
There are only five arms!
Since that jerk broke one off,
it's less functional now!
Tanjiro, please become stronger!
And this is what
you're going to say to him...
"Is that all you've got, you scumbag?"
Huh?
"Your hair's too long!
Get a haircut, seaweed head!"
"Pissant! You're ugly,
and your legs are short!"
"Commit harakiri!"
"You shameless jerk!"
No!
Kotetsu!
That's going a little too far!
Better to put his head
on public display, you think?
No! I can't say those kinds of things!
You're going to say them!
No!
Please say them!
Please!
Even without my saying so...
Tokito was incredible!
Despite being smaller and younger than me.
I've got to train just as hard!
I've got to become stronger, too!
Tanjiro!
If that's enough to kill you,
you're pathetic!
Keep working at it!
I'm going to say it one more time!
Look at me!
You're moving out of habit,
Tanjiro, all right?
You're not deciding how to move
after observing your opponent's moves.
That's why you're no good!
Do you understand?
In other words, you don't have the basics down!
I'm really amazed you've managed to survive
this long in the Demon Slayer Corps!
You're cutting it close
with everything you do!
Well, I'm here to denounce your
every weak point backward and forward!
I'm not giving you any food
until you can do everything I tell you to!
Right.
Tanjiro, you're too slow!
Epic fail!
If that doll wasn't armed
with practice sticks, you'd be dead!
Get a hold of yourself!
This is Day Five!
Starting tomorrow,
I'm going to arm the doll with swords!
No, even the practice sticks could kill me!
I'm going to die!
No food for you today, either!
Ah!
The highly analytical Kotetsu!
But as a swordsmanship instructor,
he was a total amateur.
Since he had no idea about the limits
of a human life,
his training sessions were brutal!
So tyrannical...
he'd withhold food and water from you
if you failed to meet his demands!
After three days or so without water,
a human will seriously die.
Pure tyranny born out of ignorance!
Though I was able to survive,
thanks to some rainfall.
All through these ghastly training sessions...
I went without water...
without food...
without sleep.
I started to cross the River to the Afterlife.
I was walking across a bridge,
feeling indescribably blissful...
only to get dizzy from hunger...
and fall into the river.
It was dark in the water...
and heavy...
but then it felt as though...
I were being massaged
by some warm hands.
I saw something shiny
when I glanced toward the bottom of the river...
so I went to get it,
all while being massaged.
Strangely enough...
I could smell this shimmering stone
even underwater.
What is this?
This smell?
It smells different than the Opening Thread.
Left side of the head!
Neck!
Right side of the chest!
Left side!
Right thigh!
Right shoulder!
Here it comes!
You got one strike in, Tanjiro!
Though it was so feeble,
the doll didn't even flinch!
I'm going to give you some food!
Rice balls and pickled plums!
And I want high-quality gyokuro tea!
Tasty!
All right! All right!
I see how he's going to move!
I can see it way better than before!
I can keep up
now that I have my stamina back!
Now, I can tell by the scent
where he's going to strike!
I can pick up this scent...
sooner than I can see
the Opening Thread!
All right! I'm going for it!
One strike with all my might!
Hey...
But what if it breaks?
Strike!
I don't care if it breaks!
I'll fix it, no matter what!
Tanjiro, you're too nice!
You can't hesitate now!
But that's who you are, Tanjiro...
and I don't want you to die!
I want you...
to become stronger than anyone else!
Ouch!
Tanjiro! Are you okay?
Ow, ow, ow...
S-Sorry... I broke the sword you lent me.
Don't worry about that! It's okay!
Huh?
Hey!
Something came out!
K-Kotetsu! Something came out!
What is that thing?
Hey, hey! I have no idea, either!
What could that be?
At the very least...
it's a sword from over 300 years ago, right?
You look great in that, Nezuko!
You like it, huh?
Now, it's time for a Taisho-era secret!
The swordsmith apprentice, Kotetsu...
His actual face
is such a dead ringer for his mask
that it's been suggested
that he might not need to wear a mask at all.
He's mercilessly blunt,
but I think he may be a sweet kid at heart!
Next, Episode 3,
"A Sword from Over 300 Years Ago."
I'm hot!
Tanjiro! Where are you?
Huh?
We're going to start training now!
If you slack off after one good day,
you'll end up right back where you started!
"Persistence prevails when all else fails!"
"The Grasshopper and the Ant!"
"Slow and steady wins the race!"
Tanjiro! Where are you?
Nezuko, let's get out of here!